Rework of build section of the wiki. Migrate, merge, and rename pages. (#2066)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build-index.md

---
id: build-index
title: Builder's Guides
sidebar_label: Builder's Guides
---

Welcome to the builders section of the Polkadot Wiki.

Here, you will discover many development tools and resources in the Polkadot ecosystem.
We are always adding new tools and frameworks as we learn about them so if you are working
on something that should be included please reach out to us on
[Element](https://matrix.to/#/#polkadot-watercooler:matrix.org)!

This section of the wiki is divided into the following parts:

## Development Guide

- [Starter's Guide](build-build-with-polkadot) - High level overview on choosing a parachain,
  parathread, or smart contract for your project and how to get started.
- [Parachain Development](build-parachains) - Tools for building parachains and
  parathreads.
- [Polkadot Smart Contracts](build-smart-contracts) - Tools to deploy contracts to a Polkadot parachain.

## Integration Guide

This section is for service providers like wallets or node operators who want to learn how to
integrate Polkadot into their systems.

> - [Integration Initiation](build-integration) - An index of tools and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Integration Initiation](build-integration) - The guide to the guide.
```
